In your ubuntu terminal first write:
  $ nc 2019shell1.picoctf.com 4164
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
nyhpfkjr aifi cr zymf owkp - ofiumihnz_cr_n_ygif_wklvtk_ncglvicilg
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
kwisiz ozytyfygcjna bkfklkxyg dkr jai jacft ryh yo ozytyf ekgwygcjna bkfklkxyg,
k wkht ydhif diww bhydh ch ymf tcrjfcnj ch acr ydh tkz, kht rjcww fililvifit kly
hp mr ydchp jy acr pwyylz kht jfkpcn tikja, dacna akeeihit jacfjiih zikfr kpy, k
ht dacna c rakww tirnfcvi ch cjr efyeif ewkni. oyf jai efirihj c dcww yhwz rkz j
akj jacr wkhtydhifoyf ry di mrit jy nkww acl, kwjaympa ai akftwz reihj k tkz yo
acr wcoi yh acr ydh irjkjidkr k rjfkhpi jzei, zij yhi efijjz ofiumihjwz jy vi li
j dcja, k jzei kvqinj kht gcncymr kht kj jai rkli jcli rihriwirr. vmj ai dkr yhi
yo jayri rihriwirr eifryhr day kfi gifz diww nkekvwi yo wyybchp kojif jaicf dyf
wtwz kookcfr, kht, keekfihjwz, kojif hyjachp iwri. ozytyf ekgwygcjna, oyf chrjkh
ni, vipkh dcja hisj jy hyjachp; acr irjkji dkr yo jai rlkwwirj; ai fkh jy tchi k
j yjaif lih'r jkvwir, kht okrjihit yh jail kr k jyktz, zij kj acr tikja cj keeik
fit jakj ai akt k amhtfit jaymrkht fymvwir ch akft nkra. kj jai rkli jcli, ai dk
r kww acr wcoi yhi yo jai lyrj rihriwirr, okhjkrjcnkw oiwwydr ch jai daywi tcrjf
cnj. c fieikj, cj dkr hyj rjmectcjzjai lkqyfcjz yo jairi okhjkrjcnkw oiwwydr kfi
rafidt kht chjiwwcpihj ihympavmj qmrj rihriwirrhirr, kht k einmwckf hkjcyhkw oy
fl yo cj.

**This text is written in Vignere Cipher and there are many ways to sort it out.
  Vignere Cipher: In a Caesar cipher, each letter of the alphabet is shifted along some number of places.
  For example, in a Caesar cipher of shift 3, A would become D, B would become E, Y would become B and so on.
  The Vigenère cipher has several Caesar ciphers in sequence with different shift values.
  To encrypt, a table of alphabets can be used, termed a tabula recta, Vigenère square or Vigenère table.
  It has the alphabet written out 26 times in different rows, each alphabet shifted cyclically to the left compared to the previous alphabet,
  corresponding to the 26 possible Caesar ciphers.
  
  
  In this cipher text first we need to find the letter with highest frequency and 
  and how many time it repeats and at what length.
  The factor of the length will give you the length of the key.
  You can read more on: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vigen%C3%A8re_cipher
  Do read about Kasiski Examination where you will get know about how to find the keys.
  
  You can do this online by going to this website: https://www.guballa.de/substitution-solver
  
  picoCTF{frequency_is_c_over_lambda_civmbeiemv}
